hey everyone we just checked into our
room at the win in las vegas i want to
share with you guys how nice the room is
so you're walking into the bathroom it
has a really nice shower and really nice
soaps back there i hope you guys can see
that okay here is the tub really really
huge and super excited I love taking
baths here is the vanity the mirror and
little private bathroom area in here
really beautiful pictures that really
bright in the room then really come on
over here here is a really huge mirror
and here's the closet really pretty big
closet for staying in a hotel room um
and then come over here and first thing
you notice is how bright the room is
I've never had a hotel room like all
white pretty much so here's the bed a
beautiful beautiful painting I really
like that more really pretty paintings
nice leather couch desk table here's the
snack bar thingy and flat-screen TV and
you guys have to check out this awesome
panoramic view if you ever stay here ask
for the panoramic view because you get
the wonderful scene of the whole Vegas
there's the Palazzo one of my favorites
and you can look down here and see this
awesome waterfall oh my gosh it's so
pretty
so that is what it looks like out the
window and you can see the mountains in
the distance so awesome this window is
huge it's like a whole wall so that is
really cool so that is pretty much the
whole room tour I hope you guys enjoy
watching my videos and stay tuned for
more all for sure try to fill more stuff
in Vegas and you guys enjoyed watching
that especially me
so see you guys next time please
subscribe bye